### **To debug each exercise my solutions are noted below:**

### **Exercise 1**:

***Bug:*** we wrote the elements of the list for each line of code and it was not saved in order.
#### **Solutions**:
1.   Create a list with elements before the functions to have a clean code.
2.   Sort the elements of the list in the id_to_fruit function ( high complexity)
3.   Using this code nameN= MyList[id] (easiest way)
---
### **Exercise 2:**
***Bug:*** The array columns are not moved correctly and we lose some data because with this code the new column is stored in place of the previous column and we lose the previous column.
#### **Solution**:

We move the X columns together once and the Y columns together once, and only move them to the new position so that we don't lose any data.

---
### **Exercise 3:**
***Bug:*** The plot has the wrong dimensions and the data in the X and Y directions is incorrect.

#### **Solution**:

We change the input data of the plot to correct the information for each vector, and by increasing the range of each vector, we can display all the accuracies.

---
### **Exercise 4:**
***Bug:*** Due to the number of real samples, there are 32 samples left at the end of each IP. If Batch_size is equal to 32, there will be no problem with the Input size of the discriminator. However, if Batch_size is greater than 32, the input to the discriminator model will have an error because the number of data generated by the generator model is 64 and the number of real_sample is 32, all_samples shape is (96,1,28,28) but the input size of the discriminator is 128.
#### **Solutions**:


1.   We can duplicate our real_samples but the data is equal and it just works for batch_size = 64.

2.   We can save our previous real samples as padding_data and concatenate the required size with real samples and it works for every batch_size


---

### **Please search #Alireza_solution to find my ideas for debugging.**
